[CI:DOCS] push/pull docs: clarify supported transports (#10752)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-push.1.md

## DESTINATION

>  DESTINATION is the location the container image is pushed to. It supports all transports from `containers-transports(5)`. If no transport is specified, the `docker` (i.e., container registry) transport is used.  For remote clients, `docker` is the only supported tranport.

Reviewer: same `tranport` typo at the end of the sentense.

## DESTINATION

 DESTINATION is the location the container image is pushed to. It supports all transports from `containers-transports(5)`. If no transport is specified, the `docker` (i.e., container registry) transport is used.  For remote clients, `docker` is the only supported transport.

```
# Push to a container registry
$ podman push quay.io/podman/stable

# Push to a container registry via the docker-transport
$ podman push docker://quay.io/podman/stable

> # Push to a container registry with another tag

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Push to a different repository or tag on a container registry
```
?

Reviewer 2: I can’t see any change.

Author: Missed that, sorry.  I was quite in a rush yesterday to get the backports for v3.2 in place.
